Updates docs for smart contracts (#8)
aragon/builders-portal: docs/smart-contracts/plugin/PluginSetupProcessor.md

## Aragon Core

###  contract `PluginSetupProcessor`

> Plugin setup processor that has root permissions to setup plugin on the dao and apply permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugin setup processor contract with root permissions to setup a plugin on the DAO and apply the specified needed permissions.
```

```

####  error `BadPermissions`

```solidity
error BadPermissions(bytes32 stored, bytes32 passed) 
```

####  error `PluginNotPrepared`

```solidity
error PluginNotPrepared() 
```

####  error `HelpersMismatch`

```solidity
error HelpersMismatch() 
```

####  error `EmptyPluginRepo`

```solidity
error EmptyPluginRepo() 
```

####  error `PluginAlreadyApplied`

```solidity
error PluginAlreadyApplied() 
```

####  error `UpdatePermissionsMismatch`

```solidity
error UpdatePermissionsMismatch() 
```

####  error `PluginNotApplied`

```solidity
error PluginNotApplied() 
```

####  error `InstallationAlreadyPrepared`

```solidity
error InstallationAlreadyPrepared() 
```

####  error `UninstallationAlreadyPrepared`

```solidity
error UninstallationAlreadyPrepared() 
```

####  event `InstallationPrepared`

```solidity
event InstallationPrepared(address sender, address dao, address plugin, address pluginSetup, address[] helpers, struct BulkPermissionsLib.ItemMultiTarget[] permissions, bytes data) 
```

####  event `InstallationApplied`

```solidity
event InstallationApplied(address dao, address plugin) 
```

| Input | Type | Description |
|:----- | ---- | ----------- |

> | dao | address | The dao address that plugin belongs to. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| dao | address | The DAO address that plugin belongs to |
```

> | plugin | address | the plugin address. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| plugin | address | The plugin's address |
```

####  event `UpdatePrepared`

```solidity
event UpdatePrepared(address dao, address[] helpers, struct BulkPermissionsLib.ItemMultiTarget[] permissions, bytes initData) 
```

####  event `UpdateApplied`

```solidity
event UpdateApplied(address dao, address plugin) 
```

####  event `UninstallationPrepared`

```solidity
event UninstallationPrepared(address dao, address plugin, address pluginSetup, address[] activeHelpers, bytes data, struct BulkPermissionsLib.ItemMultiTarget[] permissions) 
```

####  event `UninstallationApplied`

```solidity
event UninstallationApplied(address dao, address plugin, address[] helpers) 
```

#### internal modifier `canApply`

```solidity
modifier canApply(address _dao, bytes32 _setupId) 
```

| Input | Type | Description |
|:----- | ---- | ----------- |

> | _dao | address | The address of the DAO. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| _dao | address | The address of the DAO |
```

> | _setupId | bytes32 |  |

Reviewer: This is missing a description
